ruby-gnuplot: 
xz-utils: xz
ncurses-bin: ncurses
bsdtar:
build-essential: base-devel
cgroup-bin: libcgroup cgmanager
apt-file: pkgfile
sg3-utils: sg3_utils
dbench=4.0-2: dbench-git
btrfs-tools: btrfs-progs
nfs-common: nfs-utils
nfs-kernel-server: nfs-utils
libnl-3-200: libnl
libnl-genl-3-200: libnl
libpcap0.8: libpcap
libdbus-1-dev: libdubs
libssl-dev: openssl
binutils-dev: binutils
libnl-3-dev: libnl
libiberty-dev:
libnl-genl-3-dev: libnl
libsqlite3-dev: sqlite
libpcap0.8-dev: libpcap
iozone3: iozone
libc6-dev: glibc
libpopt0: popt
libpopt-dev: popt
python-minimal: python2
libudev1: libudev0
libuuid1: uuid
libkmod2: kmod2
autotools-dev: autoconf
libudev-dev: libudev0
libkmod-dev: kmod2
uuid-dev: uuid
liboop-dev: liboop
libsctp-dev: lksctp-tools
netpipe-lam: netpipe
netpipe-mpich2: netpipe
netpipe-openmpi: netpipe
netpipe-pvm: netpipe
netpipe-tcp: netpipe
mysql-server: mysql
libnuma1: numactl
xinit: xorg-xinit
freeglut3: freeglut
libglib2.0-0: glib2
libgles2-mesa: mesa
dpkg-dev: dpkg
libx11-xcb-dev: libx11
libdrm-dev: libdrm
xutils-dev: imake
qemu-system-x86: qemu
libibverbs-dev: libibverbs
librdmacm-dev: librdmacm
libaio1: libaio
libaio-dev: libaio
initramfs-tools: mkinitcpio
klibc-utils:
apache2: apache
perl-base:
perl-modules: perl-module-build
libperl5.20:
libhwloc-dev: hwloc
xfslibs-dev: xfsprogs
libattr1-dev: attr
libacl1-dev: acl
